# DIGH 3814 Exit Ticket

This has been such a lovely course. Thanks so much, Dr. Graham for all the effort you put into making the course what it is. Honestly, I feel like I've learnt so much more through the course's unconventional format than I would've learnt otherwise. I guess I'll make some points to reflect on the past 6 weeks (since I like structured items so much!)

I registered in this course because I had taken DIGH 2001 in my second year and it was everything I hoped an essay-focused class would be. I loved it because I was given the opportunity to venture out of my comfort zone and write about things that I actually cared about. I registered in this course with the expectation of a similar experience and I'm more than satisfied with what I've accomplished.

When the course was just getting started -- in the first couple weeks -- I was so lost as to what was actually required of me. Perhaps you will remember my week 2 submission where I let the cat out the bag and admitted that I had no clue what I was doing 😅. Looking back onto that week... wow. I can just imagine the amount of progress I've made. I've learnt to utilise data retrieval and sanitization tools like Open Refine, Wget and Regex; I've learnt how to look for trends in data through visualisation; I've learnt that sometimes, the places that are the cloudiest have the most knowledge -- I learnt this from using AntConc and I'm now more appreciative of the subtle patterns in the way we write text and the meaning behind that subtlety. Frankly, regex has undoubtedly been the most useful tool I've learnt to use these weeks. It's been so helpful to me, not only with cleaning up my data for this course but also for writing better code at my co-op job and for describing my thoughts more concisely (even though I still need work on that). I know I'm going to continue using regex in as many ways as I can for many years to come so thank you for that. My [little hiccup with Orlando](https://discordapp.com/channels/693526681297748090/697146399858360451/721189812521926666) exposed to me the value of the amount of work that goes into digitisation, honestly, more than even doing the work myself. Seeing that paywall... facing that roadblock... it really made me think "if this is the trouble I have to go through to get _digitised_ data, imagine if I was doing this all from scratch; imagine if I was painstakingly processing all of Virginia Woolf's diary entires just so I could learn more about her life". If that isn't a testament to the hard benefit of collaboration in the digital humanities I don't know what is. Sure, the organisation whose content I was originally looking through didn't open their research to the public and that forced me to pivot my focus at the last minute. Despite that, I can still say that that pivot is what made me further appreciate _the open data that I did find._

I'll be taking some time to clean up my repository and polish everything because the content I've amassed over the past 6 weeks is so invaluable to me I want to share it with everyone! As much as I don't want to boast, I'm going to append that I genuinely believe my work is deserving of at least an A- grade because of the time I spent trying to really understand what was going on in each task despite having other life commitments and because of how I utilised my technical background to produce more detailed work.
